You know the merge is real when you buy your first headphone splitter
Can people from the Ville use our fire pit?
I've been breaking all day. Need to work on the studying part.
I'm just reporting the children's posts, since the app has an age req
Wellesley Wushu + Adidas = [emoji]
you don't even deserve my attention
like if you played outside when you were a child instead of coming on an app meant for college students..
I have 4 professors and 2 lab instructors. I wish I could give them all the best SEQs but to comply with deflation policy i have to grade then on a curve.
Just ate my weight in pizza rolls, now I am a pizza roll. At least pizza rolls don't have to take finals.
Why do little kids even wanna be on our yak? Do something with your privileged childhood like play dodge ball with your imaginary friends.
For my secret Santa gift I hope I get something practical: like money, a girlfriend, a unicorn, motivation, a new English professor, or a girlfriend... I'll probably just get a mug or something
have great finals everyone [emoji] you will get through it
How does the Clothes Closet work???
My teacher told me yesterday how much she appreciated my perserverance and dedication to coming to office hours because even though the class was hard for me but I didn't give up *crying*
When there were swarms of children in the ville today [emoji]
Current ascetic: setting 10 mins on alarm clock for nap because treating myself is important
if your in high school get the fuck off...
Can't wait to learn all of this semester over reading period!
Is it a date or is she straight?
'Twas the week before finals, and all throughout town, not a fuck could be given, not a fuck could be found.
are these yaks from Wellesley high smh
If I want to send thank you letters to professors, what's the best way to have them delivered?
Wishing everyone a productive, healthy, and successful reading period. Remember to take care of each other and be kind to yourselves. Grades are not a reflection of your intelligence or worth!
Best way to go to Logan from Wellesley? Will there be a shuttle running next week?
Just realized my underwear has been inside out all day so that how my day is going..
Anyone know if Wellesley has a notary?
Is the pub open this evening? Plz help ty
Getting to Providence airport from here?
My dad is pressuring me to give him a Christmas wish list but I can't think of anything. What are y'all asking for?
If I don't want to achieve great things, does that make me selfish and lazy? I honestly think my ideal life is just to have a family and at W I feel like it's a crime to feel that way. 
CS Club has the best spam tbh
i feel like just being constantly anxious and stressed is enough to make you exhausted. ive been sleeping more than usual yet at the same time feeling more tired than usual
When do the crew cookies get here OMG I need sustenance [emoji]
When he gives you flowers but you don't want the D
MY PROFESSOR BROUGHT HIS PUPPY TO OFFICE HOURS [emoji]
Can't tell if wellesley is thirsty af or stressed af today lol
Is the dining hall still open when the hot food isn't out?
Hot water is back! At least in Sev
When ur roommate thinks ur asking when she'll be back bc ur gonna masturbate, but you're actually having a cry
How does shadow grading impact first years applying for internships since we won't have a GPA to show? Do we submit a letter explaining the policy orrr
*does anything* I guess that's my life now
Suggestions for a comfy af next pillow for traveling?
Does anyone deliver food to straight to peoples rooms?
Omg special edition Oreos [emoji] 
In love with my best friend. He has a girlfriend
WHY DOES FREEMAN SMELL SO TERRIBLE
I didn't get an email about SEQs yet
Procrastination by masturbation & sexting>>
Are SEQ's anonymous?
I always have trouble coming up with specific things to write about on my SEQs, but I want to give useful feedback. What sorts of things do y'all put?
Current situation
So if it's 23 quiet hours.. When is the one non quiet hour??
Sometimes I look in the mirror and think damn but sometimes I look in the mirror and think damn
Tips on effectively studying in your room? I hate trying to find a space in a crowded library, but I don't study well outside the library.
Of course I get sick now of all times. Of fuckin course
FREE NUTELLA AT THE BOOKSTORE!!! COME AND GET IT!!
Poured water on my plate so I guess that's my life now
Kinda want to take a nap, kinda want to throw myself down a flight of stairs
Lol bow driver just told me she's been driving Olin and babson people who want to study in our libraries
My MIT Prof openly hates on Harvard I love it
What is time management?
What does lulu have for late night? -desparate east side sib
Know anyone on campus selling cigs? Boston is too far [emoji]
People in shafer basement, shut up. People live down here and y'all are way too loud
Stay hydrated #Wellnesley
Overheard: should I go to chipotle to avoid finals?
Staring a new hashtag for finals at Wellesley: when you post anything related to self care and health during finals #Wellnesley
When you've been at Wellesley so long that you forget scheduled finals exist #Wellnesley
Honestly how do ppl study for 8+ hrs? I'm in hour 7 today of this paper and my mind is a blank
Although this picture is referring to the science community's understanding of the space-time continuum, I think it accurately reflects my feelings about finals. 
Is it viable to get Tinder but only for hookups? I'm not feeling a relationship rn but the thirst is real. Also how do I express that in my bio non-awkwardly?
Olin & Babson kids r u here rn? Or does Wellesley just dominate yak?
Metal lamp just fell on my head #ok
I deserved today off!
Does anyone watch the Leftovers?
@the person who stole my body wash: why
My body has decided to take the "period" part of reading period literally.
12 hour study break, activities consist of watching TV alone in a dark dorm room and trying not to cry while pretending u have no responsibilities. See you there [emoji]
Of course I have a cold and severe period cramps this week. Of course [emoji]
When is primal scream?
Is mail services going to be open until the 19th?
Wait what have kids been posting on yy?
I just misspelled the word privilege in my notes, I can't go to Wellesley anymore
Is it too late to do anything abt a crush before break?
At what time is the dog therapy tomorrow?
Is pink discharge between periods normal?
Life is too short not to stick your whole torso into the ice cream freezer when scooping
That moment when you realize your paper is due this friday not next friday! Lol! Very nice! A+!
When is the early decision result out for Wellesley?
Is there a book for ECON201 with CR? Or 203 with KP? It's not listed but don't like waiting till last minute
Is there such thing as emotionally cheating on someone?
It's quiet hours! Shut up in knapp!
has anyone ever changed something back from credit non successfully?
Is the fire pit open for one of the take a break events? No ones there but the fire is going.
Overheard Stir Fry Tim asking if he should bring a date to a wedding in August...#scarred
My computer just crashed. This is the world telling me I shouldn't study for these finals and should take a nap. To universe, challenge accepted
Turns out you can't buy cigarettes with the remaining dollars on your MIT meal plan [emoji]
I think my boyfriend is planning to propose over break and I couldn't be happier. I'm a sophomore so I probably won't tell anyone but I'm just so excited [emoji]
I fart so much I deserve a single. 
Just tried to explain to an outsider why an app about fake cats that wander into your expensive fake yard is all the rage on the Wellesley College campus. Was unsuccessful, made them download it.


